1---->	Mens Michael Kors PVD gold-plate design from the Lexington collection.
	This model comes complete with date function, chronograph, gold baton
	hour markers and a champagne colour dial. It fastens with a PVD Gold
	plate bracelet and is powered by a quality Japanese Quartz movement.

2---->	This men's Michael Kors Lexington watch is made from two-tone steel/gold
	plate and is powered by a chronograph quartz movement.It is fitted with
	a two tone bracelet and has a silver dial. The watch has a date function.

3---->	This handsome gents Michael Kors Lexington watch is made from stainless
	steel and is fitted with an analogue chronograph quartz movement. It
	fastens a two tone bracelet and has a blue dial.The watch also has a date function.

4---->	Mens Michael Kors watch in all black made from black ion-plated steel.
	The round black dial features date function, chronograph, easy to see
	silver numeral and baton hour markers, black hands and chunky side-button detail.
	It fastens on a sleek black metal bracelet and powered by a quality quartz movement.

5---->	This gents Michael Kors Lexington watch is made from stainless steel and is
	fitted with a chronograph quartz movement. It is fastened with a silver metal
	bracelet and has a silver dial. The watch has a date function.

6---->	This large gents Michael Kors Dylan watch is made from PVD rose plating and
	is fitted with an automatic movement. It is fastened with a black rubber strap
	and has a skeleton dial.The watch also has a date function.

7---->	This attractive men's Michael Kors Jet Master watch has a stainless steel case
	and is powered by an analogue automatic movement.It is fastened with a silver
	metal bracelet and has a skeleton dial. The watch also has a date function.

8---->	This attractive oversized Michael Kors watch is made from PVD rose plating and
	fitted with a chronograph quartz movement. This perfect stylish time piece is
	fitted with a chunky rose colour bracelet which also features a rose coloured
	dial, date function and combination hour markers.

9---->	This attractive gents Michael Kors Rd watch has a stainless steel case and is
	fitted with a quartz movement. It is fitted with a black rubber strap and has
	a black dial. The watch has a date function.
