						||CORNOGRAPH||

1---->  This Men's Emporio Armani watch has a stainless steel case and clear,
	classy looking black dial with silver baton hour markers and other elegant silver touches.
	Also features chronograph, date function and powered by a quality quartz movement.
	The watch fastens with a chunky stainless steel bracelet.


2---->	Subtle mens Armani Exchange watch, with stylish stealth black Ion-plated steel case and bracelet.
	This sleek design has a black dial with black baton hour markers and detailing for maximum style.
	Inside the watch is a Japanese Quartz movement, featuring a date function at 3 o'clock.
	The dial also features the Armani Exchange logo at 12 o'clock for an added effect.
	It fastens with a push-button deployment on the black metal bracelet.


3---->	This Mens Fossil Machine watch design has a black ion-plated case with a round face and dark brown dial.
	Features include chronograph, date function and gold baton hour markers.
	The watch fastens with a dark brown genuine leather strap and is powered by a quality quartz movement.


4---->	Classic mens Armani Exchange Smart model in highly polished and matte finished stainless steel,
	with textured silver dial, featuring date, baton hour markers and quartz chronograph with 24 hour
	dial and 30 minute counter. The bracelet has a push button deployment clasp.


5---->	Mens Michael Kors PVD gold-plate design from the Lexington collection.
	This model comes complete with date function, chronograph, gold baton
	hour markers and a champagne colour dial.It fastens with a PVD Gold plate
	bracelet and is powered by a quality Japanese Quartz movement.

6---->	A stylish mens Emporio Armani model in high-shine stainless steel,
	set around a stunning deep blue multi-dial clock face with clear
	silver baton hour markers and date function. This sought after watch
	also features chronograph and powered by a quality quartz movement.
	It fastens with a silver colour stainless steel bracelet with push-button deployment.


7---->	This handsome men's Emporio Armani watch has a black ion-plated steel case and is fitted
	with a chronograph quartz movement. It is fastened with a black leather strap and has a black dial.
	The watch has a date function.

8---->	The smart and stylish mens Fossil Grant watch. This watch has a stainless steel round case,
	clear looking cream dial with stand out Roman numeral hour markers and is complete with chronograph function.
	It has a brown genuine leather strap and powered by a quality quartz movement.

9---->	This spectacular Mens Armani Exchange Zulu watch is made from stainless steel in
	a smart black and silver design. Features include a round black dial with silver
	high-visibility baton hour markers, clear Armani Exchange logo at the 12 o'clock point,
	date function and chronograph.The watch fastens with a push-button deployment
	and is powered by a quality Japanese Quartz movement.

10---->	This men's Emporio Armani watch has a stainless steel case and is powered by a
	chronograph quartz movement. It fastens a black leather strap and has a silver dial.
	The watch has a date function.