1---->	From the Diesel Mega Chief collection. This timepiece is made from stainless steel
	and has a large round case at 51mm wide. It has a grey dial which features
	high-visibility black baton hour markers and high-visibility hands.
	It has a date function and 3 mini dials which feature the chronograph function.It
	fastens with a gunmetal grey bracelet, 100m water resistant and is powered by a quality quartz movement.

2---->	This oversized men's Diesel Mega Chief watch is made from black ion-plated steel
	and is fitted with a chronograph quartz movement. It fastens a black metal bracelet
	and has a blue dial. The watch also has a date function.

3---->	This oversized gents Diesel Daddy 2.0 watch has a black ion-plated steel case and
	is powered by a chronograph quartz movement. It is fitted with a black metal bracelet
	and has a black dial. The watch has a date function.

4---->	This oversized gents Diesel Daddy 2.0 watch has a black ion-plated steel case and
	is fitted with a chronograph quartz movement. It is fastened with a brown leather
	strap and has a blue dial. The watch has a date function.

5---->	This oversized gents Diesel Daddy 2.0 watch is made from gunmetal PVD and is fitted
	with a chronograph quartz movement. It is fitted with a black leather strap and has
	a black dial. The watch has a date function.

6---->	This bold design by Diesel is from the Mega Chief collection.
	It has a chunky stainless steel case and a big round dial.
	The eye-catching dial in a deep grey features silver baton hour
	markers, high-visibility hands, date function and chronograph.
	It fastens with a genuine leather brown strap and powered by a
	quality quartz movement. If you want to wear something big, bold
	and stylish on your wrist at once, this is the watch for you!
	Plus it is also 100m water resistant.

7---->	This oversized men's Diesel Mega Chief watch has a black ion-plated
	steel case and is fitted with a chronograph quartz movement. It fastens
	a brown leather strap and has a black dial. The watch has a date function.

8---->	This oversized gents Diesel Daddy 2.0 watch has a black ion-plated steel
	case and is fitted with an analogue chronograph quartz movement. It is fitted
	with a brown leather strap and has a black dial. The watch also has a date function.

9---->	A bold oversized style from the Master Chief collection by Diesel. This model has
	a stainless steel 52mm case with a striking blue dial. The dial features
	high-visibility baton hour markers and hands in silver, date function and 3 mini
	dials with chronograph.It is 100m water resistant, fastens with a sturdy
	brown leather strap and is powered by a quality quartz movement.


